README.md, before:

# Mojolicious Hackathon Starter


---------------


This is the "Mojolicious Hackathon Starter" project. The goal of this project is to provide all of the basic things you'd need to quickly get a project off the ground so you can focus mainly on the parts that make your project unique.


## Tech Used

Mojolicious (Server)
Vue.js (Javascript Framework)
PostgreSQL (Database)
Webpack (Asset Bundler)
Bulma (CSS Framework)
Sass (CSS Preprocessor)
Buefy (Vue wrapper around Bulma)


## What is provided?

Currently MHS provides:

- A clean project structure
- Hot reloading
- Server side rendering
- User sign up and login


## Usage

To use MHS:

- Install Perl5, and CPANM
- Clone the repository and navigate to the project folder
- Run `cpanm --installdeps .`
- Run `mojo webpack script/mojolicious_hackathon_starter` to run in development mode, or `mojo webpack -m production -l https://*:443 -l http://[::]:3000 script/mojolicious_hackathon_starter` to run in production mode


## Screenshots

![home page](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielbarbarito/mojolicious-hackathon-starter/master/screenshots/homepage.png)
![login page](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielbarbarito/mojolicious-hackathon-starter/master/screenshots/login.png)
![sign up page](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielbarbarito/mojolicious-hackathon-starter/master/screenshots/signup.png)

Commit message:

Add step saying to copy config over

README.md, after:

# Mojolicious Hackathon Starter


---------------


This is the "Mojolicious Hackathon Starter" project. The goal of this project is to provide all of the basic things you'd need to quickly get a project off the ground so you can focus mainly on the parts that make your project unique.


## Tech Used

Mojolicious (Server)
Vue.js (Javascript Framework)
PostgreSQL (Database)
Webpack (Asset Bundler)
Bulma (CSS Framework)
Sass (CSS Preprocessor)
Buefy (Vue wrapper around Bulma)


## What is provided?

Currently MHS provides:

- A clean project structure
- Hot reloading
- Server side rendering
- User sign up and login


## Usage

To use MHS:

- Install Perl5, and CPANM
- Clone the repository and navigate to the project folder
- Run `cpanm --installdeps .`
- Copy `mojolicious_hackathon_starter.conf.example` to `mojolicious_hackathon_starter.conf` and modify the file as needed
- Run `mojo webpack script/mojolicious_hackathon_starter` to run in development mode, or `mojo webpack -m production -l https://*:443 -l http://[::]:3000 script/mojolicious_hackathon_starter` to run in production mode


## Screenshots

![home page](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielbarbarito/mojolicious-hackathon-starter/master/screenshots/homepage.png)
![login page](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielbarbarito/mojolicious-hackathon-starter/master/screenshots/login.png)
![sign up page](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielbarbarito/mojolicious-hackathon-starter/master/screenshots/signup.png)
